[labs/nextjs] Add Next.js plugin for Lit SSR (#3613)
lit/lit: packages/labs/nextjs/README.md

# @lit-labs/ssr-react

A package for integrating Lit SSR with Next.js.

## Overview

Lit components, by default, can be imported and added to Next.js projects but will only be shallowly rendered on the server.

This package provides a plugin for Next.js that incorporates tools from [`@lit-labs/ssr-react`](../ssr-react/README.md) into the project for deep server rendering of Lit components.

## Usage

```js
// next.config.js
const withLitSSR = require('@lit-labs/nextjs')();

/** @type {import('next').NextConfig} */
const nextConfig = {
  // Add your own config here
  reactStrictMode: true,

>   swcMinify: true,

Reviewer: Are these required?

Author: Not required, but they are the default configs that are present when creating a new Next.js project with `create-next-app`.

};

module.exports = withLitSSR(nextConfig);
```

## Considerations

> The plugin has been tested with Next.js versions 12 and 13. It currently does not support usage with the experimental `app` directory introduced with version 13.

Reviewer: Is there an issue filed for this? Maybe file and mention here?

Author: Done

The plugin may not work properly if you are providing a custom webpack configuration that modifies `config.externals`. Please file an issue if you find a particular configuration is not working.

> The server rendered output contains HTML with declarative shadow DOM which has limited browser support. See [`@lit-labs/ssr-react`](../ssr-react/README.md#other-considerations) for more information.

Reviewer: Maybe slightly rephrase to say that some browsers still need a polyfill, since otherwise it sounds like it might not work at all.

Author: Done. Also updated the link to match the correct heading in the other package.

# @lit-labs/ssr-react

> A package for integrating Lit SSR with Next.js.

Reviewer 2: micro nit: Kind of like how you should start a classes jsdoc with "A class that ...", everything on npm is a package, so you can say "Integrates Lit SSR..."

```suggestion
Integrates Lit SSR with Next.js to enable deep server rendering of Lit components.
```

## Overview

> Lit components, by default, can be imported and added to Next.js projects but will only be shallowly rendered on the server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lit components can be imported and added to Next.js projects but by default they will only be _shallowly_ rendered on the server. That is, the Lit component's tag and attributes set via JSX will be rendered, but the component's shadow DOM will not be.
```
